fraud: Document money is never requested through email (#196)
flowforge/handbook: operations/vendors.md

- Vendor contact details
- Details of services rendered
- Amount of dollars due

#### Fraud prevention

> Urgency required for payments do not warrant urgent enough to diverge from the
> set process. Within the company there's _never_ a request through email or text
> message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not diverge from this process regardless of the urgency of the payment. We will _never_ make a payment request through direct email or text messages.

If in any doubt, reach out through Slack and request a call to validate.
```

Reviewer: Slight wording iteration
